the gremlin is a unique unmanned coaxial
rotorcraft constructed based on
sophisticated mechanical design it
realizes robust and efficient flight
behavior with an optimized structure in
order to demonstrate its capabilities
several flight tests will be shown in
the video let's watch the hovering discs
conducted for the gremlin
let's watch the rooftop landing of the
gremlin
a long-range video transmission test has
been conducted we could realize a
maximum video transmission of more than
two miles through the use of a video
transmitter
the video transmitter is mounted three
meters above ground to simulate video
captured during gremlins light smooth
and continuous video has been recorded
on the ground control station
to realize vision detection the
sophisticated vision-based target
tracking scheme is proposed it employs
robust feature descriptors and efficient
image tracking techniques integrated
with the flight control system it guides
gremlin in following the ground target
during flight a vision algorithm has
been developed to detect the front like
obstacle and estimate its distance it
will be employed to realize path
planning around obstacles
the technology's proposed on this video
will be integrated with gremlin to
satisfy the requirements of the UAV
forge competition